well hello Cuban RV pants thank you
again for tuning in now I must apologize
I've been a bit remiss in not posting
videos much lately because i've had
several photographic and video gigs that
I've had to attend to in my professional
life and so I've been traveling and
doing this that and the other thing and
of course I need a little bit of
personal time which I enjoy when I can
of course like anybody else but I know
just incredible has posted this on his
youtube channel and it's time for me to
do a shout out and start talking about
this too and beating the drum now we're
talking about RV con first annual know I
know earlier just incredible posted a
video talking about the first annual RV
con now it's a blend of ideas between
the two of us he had thought of a
concept similar to that and I of course
I came up with the idea we should do
this but where we should do this to
avoid hassles now RV con number one is
tentatively going to be late august or
September and i came up with the idea
that we should do it at peace arch
border park now for those of you who
aren't from the Pacific Northwest p
starts border park is one of one of the
only and unique interesting border parks
on planet earth it's a place where there
is two parks on two countries that
people on both sides can come and mix
without having to have a passport or go
through border regulation control now
that doesn't mean you can cross into the
opposing country and stay there no you
have to stay within the park boundaries
so if you come up in your RV from
Washington State you are allowed to come
into Canada in the park area hang out
with us and same with me i can go to the
united states the reason that we picked
that place is because it's got good
facilities is as it has washrooms it has
BBQ pits and it alleviates any hassles
for anybody it can
or the United States to mingle it's kind
of like a hands across the border for
our views and now there's a small
parking fee I know Washington state
parks levees and I think now there's a
levy of a small fee for parking on the
Canadian side because the parking area
isn't actually part of the park it's one
of the local aboriginal bands controls
that land you know I'll tell you where
that's going to be you guys can google
it and do some research if you're
interested in attending dates yet to be
set i want you guys to know that folks
so this is the peace arch border park
and it is at the at the top of
interstate 5 in washington state in
blaine washington and that's blamed be
l.a i and ii Washington and the
interstate 5 becomes highway 99 on the
Canadian side which technically is
Surrey British Columbia Canada which is
a part of Metro Vancouver area so me and
just incredible have some details to
work out a little research to do and
kind of finalize when and we would love
to invite all you youtubers up here now
of course we're going to try to have
nomadic fanatic come on up because he's
a local boys and Pacific what
northwestern guy from the Olympia
Washington area just a few hours drive
now blaine washington only about 20
minutes north of Bellingham Washington
so it's not that far out of the way so
we would love to see you down there and
if I have to I'm gonna come pick you up
so lets up look forward to that do some
plans more information to come both on
just incredibles channel and mine and
hope to see all of you even if you're
not an RVer do a little hands across the
border at RV on
so it amin can folks